Develop/README.md, before:


# Homework 09: README Generator

[![star this repo](https://githubbadges.com/star.svg?user=fftab&repo=READMEGenerator&style=default)](https://github.com/fftab/READMEGenerator)
[![fork this repo](https://githubbadges.com/fork.svg?user=fftab&repo=READMEGenerator&style=default)](https://github.com/fftab/READMEGenerator/fork)
## Description

This project uses Inquirer NPM and an Axios API call to generate a markdown file.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)

* [Usage](#usage)

* [License](#license)

* [Contributing](#contributing)

* [Testing](#testing)

* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:
npm i

## Usage

NPM INSTALL FIRST!

## License

None

## Contributing

Reach out to me on GitHub @fftab about contributions.

## Testing

To run tests, run the following command:
npm test

## Questions

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/59068267?v=4" alt="github avatar" style="border-radius: 16px" width="30"/>

If you have any questions about the repo, please contact

fftab @ null

Commit message:

Fixed typos in index.js inquirer prompt.

Develop/README.md, after:


# Fitness Tracker

[![star this repo](https://githubbadges.com/star.svg?user=fftab&repo=READMEGenerator&style=default)](https://github.com/fftab/READMEGenerator)
[![fork this repo](https://githubbadges.com/fork.svg?user=fftab&repo=READMEGenerator&style=default)](https://github.com/fftab/READMEGenerator/fork)
## Description

This Fitness Tracker is an application in which I practiced creating a NoSQL database using Mongoose and schema. I also practiced creating API and HTML routes.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)

* [Usage](#usage)

* [License](#license)

* [Contributing](#contributing)

* [Testing](#testing)

* [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

To install necessary dependencies, run the following command:

npm i

## Usage

Follow this README for information on the project.

## License

MIT

## Contributing

Contribution are not being accepted at this time. For any questions about the repo, contact me @fftab on GitHub.

## Testing

To run tests, run the following command:

npm test

## Questions

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/59068267?v=4" alt="github avatar" style="border-radius: 16px" width="30"/>

If you have any questions about the repo, please contact

fftab @ null
